inspiration: art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable by caesar cruz, but heard from nightmoire

last night she thought she might take the day off but now.. as she sits on the side of the bed looking at the table, she thinks it's prolly better to not be alone w her thoughts today, not that she thought she'd be alone today. 
"That's what I get for taking things for granted.. I guess.."
she looks at her rings on the night stand... those rings that were her mask since she was little and she thinks that today, they might break her fingers if she puts them on, she thinks that maybe, this time.. they won't work. but she takes a deep breath, says his name in her mind and then out loud, 
"Leo, I'll stretch myself to hold both you and this ache I only have myself to blame."
she takes the rings and puts them on, washes her armpits in the bathroom sink, and looks at the bidet.. maybe she could just keep him on her... just a bit longer. but then she feels the ring on her index finger, empties her mind, sits on the bidet and washes him off, brushes her teeth and puts her hair in a bun, pulls up her panties, throws the stockings in the bin, looks at her legs and thinks.. maybe I should give them a shave.. in the right light.. it's noticeable, but there's no time, she pulls her skirt up and shoves her feet in her heels, puts her blouse on and the jacket and takes one more look at the room. 
"you should take a picture, it lasts longer" she remembers telling leo that time she caught him looking at her. 
she picks up her purse and closes the door behind her. when she gets at her car she goes in, but her legs are trembling. she can't leave the car at the hotel tho. "get a fucking grip Bea" and as she says this she sees the skin of his neck, every pore, every hair, his smell, and she blushes. she wants to run. she wants to run to the moon and back. her legs stop shaking, she turns on the radio and the car and goes to work
"I can be frail later"

before she gets out of the car she checks to see if she smells of sweat. "I should be ok w the jacket.. plus I think I have another jacket in the office..."
she takes the elevator and passes the coffee machine and she stops for a coffee
"yeah she's definitely writing something on company time, and right under her bosses nose. clearly bea is clueless or she would fire her if she knew." 

"Laura"
"beatrice, omg I didn't hear you, is everything ok? I was about to call you since your meeting starts in 20 minutes and you're always so early."
"I got you some coffee. I hear you're writing a novel or.. something. I'll buy you lunch if you let me read it, but you have to be more careful to do it in the office, there are a lot of eyes on you, maybe you could use teams and send the messages to yourself."
"I didn't mean to.. " 
"art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable". "if it's good then I owe you, if it's not, you owe me some overtime, is that a deal?"
"Yes! it's a deal!" laura thought she would get fired right there and then. but she didn't. or maybe she still could.. now that she has something on her...  the feeling of impending doom was looming over her.  she thinks to herslef that she never should have allowed herself to think of her novel at work, it's the first job she's found in 3 years, but the novel has been her work for so long, she did it without even thinking. maybe she should have taken that cleaning job, at least there would be no computer and no distractions... who knows if it's still available, if she gets fired her mom will finally kick her out of the house. She already wants to do it bc she thinks her boyfriend is looking at her funny. And maybe he is.. but he's the one that should be going not her. "fuck. I need this job. I need this job to get a place of my own. I have to fix this. "

bea enters her office and looks at all her work layed out on the meeting table and she's ok now, her mind is racing with ideas. she loves her job and she loves people. the 20 minutes before the meeting pass in a second. She grabs a cutter and opens a box of baci, eats one of the chocolates and puts 2 in her pocket, grabs her folder and heads toward the elevator 

[?] to talk to Christopher. He was the one that voted no to her name on the building and also the one that always supported all her pitches. He's fairly old and tired but his bite is still that of a shark.??? tmi, how would E know this??? 

"sir Christopher, I have the draft for PigmenTales."
"come in, come in, let's hear this romantic idea of yours"
"sir, it might stem from a romantic place but there's so much money to be made in this industry, not to mention we'd have a user base so large, we could easily overtake Pantone"
"ambitious, but it is you pitching this"
He takes his time to look over the numbers and her projects and he says I see you're trying to give your artist friends a means of mass production with our resouces"
"We could tell them to work for free, but the quality might dip significantly. If we allow the use of the printers on the side, they might even give us all the rights on their work, even on past works."
"Might?"
"I'll edit the wording."
"The pitch is in 2 days and I can't be here to support you."
"Georgina?"
"Unfortunately.."
"You should trust her more."
"She never gives me a reason to." 
"even so, I can see it in her. that she's strong enough to deal w her choices."
"It's easy for you, you don't have children of your own."
"well don't worry about the pitch"
"you've done your spying again?"
"it's not for my gain, I just wouldn't want to stop a good idea in it's tracks"
"of course you wouldn't. I shouldn't have to point out how much you're showing your hand w the printers and what even is this pantone angle"
"oh the pantone angle was just for you, I'm taking it out in the meeting. I just didn't want You to be blindsided."
"Do you want me to tell Giorgina anything?"
"Just that I see her. and I'm here if she needs me." 
"Sounds oddly authority undermining"
"the world never evolved with blind people"
"no, it evolved for them"
"I didn't mean that in the literal way"
"me neither. now get out. I have other business to tend to. You've put me in a bit of a bind with that 'no' vote. Now people want to know why and I don't know what to tell them."
"Just tell them.. she's been distracted lately, she might be pregnant. That always scares off a board from adding a senior partner"
"but you're not, right?"
"that Sir, is none of your business. Have a wonderful flight."
She takes the folder and closes the door behind her. She stays still with her back at the door and sir C assistants on her sides. She's just thinking.. about Georgina, about her own son, and she takes 2 dark chocolates with nuts from her jacket and gives them to the assistants. For your coffee break. Come over if you want more, I'll be doing overtime today. 
"oh bea, you're always so thoughtful!"
"unless she forgot she had them in her pocket for who knows how long"
"Jo, you're simply a horrible person"
"nono, she's right to be suspiscious. but I actually just opened the box before coming over and even used myself for quality control. "
"well then, thank you I guess. did he chew you out or something?"
"Jo! please! sir Christopher is a sweeatheart."
"I've seen more than one person loose their shit after meeting w him. Look at how she came out of there, all sad. "
"oh, it's nothing like that, he just gave me a lot to think about. Unfortunately I do have a sad resting face. I do agree that he's still got that shark bite he's legendary for. I wouldn't dare underestimate him. And neither should you Michael. " 
"Excuse you, I don't underestimate sir christopher, AND, if I'm not mistaken, he's always been on your side. "
"He's on my side as long as I deserve it, Michael. but even so, I do appreciate it. "
As she's walking toward the elevator again she thinks that she kinda likes how the shoes feel without stockings, she might do this more often, her feet don't continuously slide downward and she hasn't had to adjust them back yet. at the same time, what will take her out of her thinking marathons without the uncomfortability of the shoes...
e: I can feel she wants to break down but she just lets it wash over her, the way we do, she allows this sadness to thin out along her entire body, the more outer reaching the easier to bare and while she doesn't really go back to baseline, it seems to be a really good tecnique. I think.. she's spilling it into what she's touching, the wall, the table, the coffee cup, the papers she just picked up to sketch on. or she's taking on these other energies and diluting the pain. I can't tell.
Laura doesn't barge in but that's how it seems to Bea. she dives in herself so profoundly, she could ask herself rent. 
"Maam, I didn't mean to scare you."
"It's Bea, Laura, please."
"Bea. it's almost lunch time.. is it ok if I go eat?"
"oh? do you have plans for lunch?"
"No, not really, I'm just really hungry so I wanted to take a quick break in the break room and just.. eat my sandwich"
"I see. I'd hate for your sandwich to go bad — and if you come with me it'll be another thirty minutes before you eat — but I'd love to have lunch together. My treat. Completely fine if you'd rather not."
"Sure". She's going to fire me, or make me do something, she's even buing lunch.. even more debt with her. Should I have said no? Fuck.. how the fuck do you say no to the head of [insert title]
"Ok well, let's not keep you waiting. Oh, do you want a dark chocolate w nuts, to help w the hunger?".
"Oh I.. " 
"Catch! I'll be right over, I just need to finish this email". 
She looks at her letter to Leo, she only wrote I love you. she's empty of words. she closes the tab, grabs her jacket and goes out to catch up with Laura. 

"Don't you use chatgpt to write emails? Everyone does these days.."
"I actually usually use claude if I need a grammar check, much more reliable and it doesn't edit my text without telling me, but usually, I'd rather not use ai. The dependability varies. I'll fix it one day, when I retire and can take a day off"
"What do you mean, fix it? fix ai?"
"Yeah, I have some basic llm knowledge, I'm pretty sure I can add a fact checking agent in between so it can actually say it doesn't know when it doesn't know". 
"Basic? How basic"
"You know.. basic."
"I can't tell if you're being humble or if it's that easy to work w llms."
"I'm definitely being humble."
Laura tries to laugh but she's so worried, she's worried about what her mom will do when she finds out she's been fired.. maybe she could just pretend to go to work a few days before breaking the news. 
"Hi Marco!"
"Hello mademoiselle, always a plesure to have you over. The rest of your party hasn't arrived yet."
"Oh, that's ok Marco, it's just me and Laura today, if the others do arrive tell them I said hello and I'd be happy if we all walked back together."
"Of course. Right this way."
he pulls up a chair for Laura and then one for Bea, leaves 2 menu and a jug of water on the table and goes to check on who just called him. 
"maa.. Bea.. this place is too nice. I don't.. "
"I'll treat you to a nice little street food place next time, but this time, I need my food to be perfect. I'm having some kind of day."
"Is the ring bothering you? Do you want me to get it looked at? is it tight? "
"hmm... maybe.. hurry up and choose what to eat. there's something I want to do before the next meeting. So what's this novel I've been hearing about?"
"Bea, I'm so sorry, I promise it will NEVER happen again"
"Laura, I don't have an issue w you writing your book or doing anything creative during company time, as long as you get your tasks done. I do a creative job, if anybody can understand the need to recharge in such an outlet, it's me. It's truly not an issue, and if I'm giving you too many tasks you can say so, if you find yourself doing overtime it means I'm not managing you well. I can see you're a hard worker. But you need to protect yourself from your colleagues.. some people just don't want to see others succeed. You can even come into my office to write the book. I trust you to not take advantage of my time, bc that's what it is in the end. It's not some disembodied entity that's counting on you. ok?"
"Ok". Laura thinks to herself she's never felt safte in her life, if this is what feeling safe means. 
"The book is about a donkey. it's just a silly thing, I really loved black beauty, and one time I met a heard of donkeys and they really surprised me, how sweet and affection hungry they were. I got a bit obsessed with them and now they're my favorite animal. I'd love to work for a donkey sanctuary sometime.. I'd even be ok w them just feeding me and giving me a place to sleep. Or.. idk.. that's how I feel sometimes."
"I get it. I love donkeys too. they're like overgrown puppers!"
"Yes! exactly! exactly omg!"
As Laura is eating a bread stick tears flood her eyes. Bea saw it coming and she already got up to go wash her hands. She can't walk fast enough while not looking like she's running. She goes in the bathroom and launches herself in the stall, clutches her blouse at the burn in her throat. She's in pain but.. I can't tell if she's in pain for Laura, for herself, of if there's just some bodily issue. It feels like she's outgrowing the building with her thoughts I can't make out the edges as they just keep expanding. It's pain for many lives and Laura too, it's causing her physical pain. She looks at her rings, she steadies her breathing and she's clear again. The burn is still there but it's almost like breathing, I can barely see it. It must not be that severe. 
She washes her hands and her face with water, dries off and walks out. 
"Did you decide what to get?" 
"I did, the waiter just took my order they didn't wait for you. I told them you were coming back in a minute though"
"It's because I always get the same thing. I don't like surprises and I don't like to eat."
"You don't like to eat? Anything?"
"I don't like that I can't do anything with my time while I'm eating. I'm just there chewing and swallowing, I can't even watch something properly. Unless I'm eating with someone in which case, this included, it's time well spent. I also don't really have that much of an appreciation for food in general, something from a can is the same as the same thing cooked by a chef. As long as it doesn't taste bad it's just as well for me."
"That's a bit sad though isn't it? One of the biggest pleasures in life is food."
"Is it sad? I get a 4 star cooked dinner every time I open a can. I'd say it's a win on my part."
"I never thought of it like that, I guess it is a win on your part hahaha."
"ok so tell me, who are you getting along with at work so far? is there anyone you'd like to work more with? some specific thing you'd like to do?"
e: I can't read anymore, again it's fading out like breathing 